Hello.
I'm Derek Walker. I'm a Bible teacher and the senior pastor of the Oxford Bible Church. It's my pleasure today to introduce my book to you.
It's called Getting Healed: A Guide to Receive Your Healing and it's published by Destiny Image Europe.
And I believe that the revelation that it contains will make all the difference to your ability to receive healing from God as well as to help others
Get healed.
And we all need healing.
And health, you say.
Both for our personal happiness and well-being, as well as for us to fulfil the will of God for our life.
Yet, for many people,
Healing is a mysterious subject. They see it as a hit or miss affair.
And so they find it hard to trust God for their healing.
And this book is written for you.
Because it will clear away all the cobwebs of doubt and confusion,
And you might have concerning the subject of healing.
So that you will find yourself able to walk by faith in the healing power of God.
And so enjoy his life, his health, his strength.
You know, God passionately loves you.
And he desires to heal you.
In Exodus 15 he declares, "I am the Lord your healer."
I am the Lord who heals you.
The Bible talks about a wonderful river.
of healing power, the river of life that contains God's healing power.
And it promises that whosoever
can freely drink of it and so receive God's life and health.
But to do this, we need the confidence that comes from knowing God's Word.
From my research in the subject, I've discovered that there are four keys, four areas of knowledge that need to be established in our hearts.
In order for us to be able to confidently receive our healing,
And in this book, I give you those keys.
And once you have them,
you will find that God's reservoirs of healing will be opened up to you.
I share not just about how to get healed, but also how to stay healed.
and I give a number of testimonies to show how God's healing power actually works including the story of my wife Hilary who was dramatically healed of her
Of rheumatoid arthritis.
Getting healed will give you the foundation you need to consistently receive healing and health every day of your life.
It will lead you.
Into the truths
that will set you free from sickness and disease. It will lead you into the presence of the Lord who heals you. And that's why I recommend that you honor your company.
I'm copying it all
May God's blessing of healing and health be with you.
The important thing